Exec copy 2022-08-31 (#1927)
makerdao/community: governance/votes/Executive vote - August 31, 2022.md

---
title: Template - [Executive Vote] HVBank Drawdown, Maker Teleport Launch on Optimism and Arbitrum - August 31, 2022

> summary: Includes drawdown of 25 million DAI for HVBank and Teleport launch on Optimism and Arbitrum.

Reviewer: Gotta keep the branding 😜 

```suggestion
summary: Includes drawdown of 25 million DAI for HVBank and Maker Teleport launch on Optimism and Arbitrum.
```

date: 2022-08-31T00:00:00.000Z
address: "$spell_address"

---
# Template - [Executive Vote] HVBank Drawdown, Maker Teleport Launch on Optimism and Arbitrum - August 31, 2022

The Governance Facilitator(s) and the Protocol Engineering Core Unit have placed an executive proposal into the voting system. MKR Holders should vote for this proposal if they support the following alterations to the Maker Protocol.

If you are new to voting in the Maker Protocol, please see the [voting guide](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance/how-voting-works/) to learn how voting works, and this [wallet setup guide](https://community-development.makerdao.com/en/learn/governance/voting-setup/) to set up your wallet to vote.

---

## Executive Summary

If this executive proposal passes, the following **change** will occur within the Maker Protocol:
- 25 million DAI will be drawn down in the RWA-009 (HVBank) vault, as detailed below.

If this executive proposal passes, the following **addition** will occur within the Maker Protocol:

> - Maker Teleport will be launched on Optimism and Arbitrum with a 1 basis point fee.

Reviewer: Debt ceiling?

**Voting for this executive proposal will place your MKR in support of the changes and additions outlined above.**

Unless otherwise noted, the changes and additions listed above are subject to the [GSM Pause Delay](https://manual.makerdao.com/parameter-index/core/param-gsm-pause-delay). This means that if this executive proposal passes, the changes and additions listed above will only become active in the Maker Protocol after the GSM Pause Delay has expired. The GSM Pause Delay is currently set to **48 hours**.

This executive proposal includes an office-hours modifier that means that it can only be executed between 14:00 and 21:00 UTC, Monday - Friday. This is to ensure that Genesis can process the DAI during business hours.

If this executive proposal does not pass within 30 days, then it will expire and can no longer have any effect on the Maker Protocol.

---

## Proposal Details

### HVBank (RWA-009) Drawdown

> As per this successful governance [poll](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmQMDasC#vote-breakdown), 25 million DAI will be drawn down in the RWA-009 (HVBank) vault, if this executive proposal passes.

Reviewer: Maybe add the following?

```suggestion
As per this successful governance [poll](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmQMDasC#vote-breakdown), 25 million DAI will be drawn down in the RWA-009 (HVBank) vault, if this executive proposal passes. This is the fourth and final planned drawdown for this vault.
```

Further description of the schedule and mechanism being used for drawdowns from this vault can be seen in this [post](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/rwa009-hvbank-mip21-token-ces-domain-team-assessment/15861/8) from the Collateral Engineering Services Core Unit (CES-001).

### Maker Teleport Launch on Optimism and Arbitrum

> As per this successful governance [poll](https://vote.makerdao.com/polling/QmahjYA2#poll-detail), [Maker Teleport (formerly known as Maker Wormhole)](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/introducing-maker-wormhole/11550) will be launched on Optimism and Arbitrum with a 1 basis point fee.

Reviewer: Debt ceiling? 1 million for each right?

> The Maker Teleport initiative will be bringing canonical DAI capability onto L2 domains.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Maker Teleport initiative will bring canonical DAI capability onto L2 domains.
```

> For more details, please read the [Signal Request from which the passed governance poll spawned off](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-launch-maker-teleport-with-1-basis-point-fee/15109) and the [Maker Teleport: Oracle Launch Configuration post](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/maker-teleport-oracle-launch-configuration/17471). Forum threads related to the Teleport initiative can be found [here](https://forum.makerdao.com/tag/teleport).

Reviewer: Wording is a bit clunky IMO. Maybe change to:

```suggestion
For more details, please review the original [Signal Request](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/signal-request-launch-maker-teleport-with-1-basis-point-fee/15109) that led to the governance poll, and the [Maker Teleport: Oracle Launch Configuration post](https://forum.makerdao.com/t/maker-teleport-oracle-launch-configuration/17471). Forum threads related to the Teleport initiative can be found [here](https://forum.makerdao.com/tag/teleport).
```
